feat: expose the sameSite value for cookies (#22789)
electron/electron: docs/api/structures/cookie.md

* `expirationDate` Double (optional) - The expiration date of the cookie as
  the number of seconds since the UNIX epoch. Not provided for session
  cookies.

> * `sameSite` String - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy applied to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `norestriction`, `lax`, `strict` or `unknown`.

Author: ```suggestion
* `sameSite` String - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy applied to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `no_restriction`, `lax`, `strict` or `unknown`.
```

> * `sameSite` String - The [Same Site](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Cookies#SameSite_cookies) policy applied to this cookie.  Can be `unspecified`, `no_restriction`, `lax`, `strict` or `unknown`.

Reviewer: What does `unknown` mean here?

Author: It means we didn't update the converter :/

c++ isn't smart enough to know I covered every enum so we need a default case in the converter.  We have this `unknown` value in a few places where we convert from an enum
